please say hello to dr. Phil
[Applause]
I'll tell you what gimme a squirrel and
a top hat is like a donkey and a dress
you can take it to the problem but if
you try to make it wear lipstick you
gonna get kicked go on
take take you see if it walks like a
turkey and and talks like a turkey you
could put sunglasses on it put it right
on a horn frog and call it a unicorn but
that don't mean you're gonna get a bingo
am i right
what are you doing what is it what are
you doing oh don't make a pig out of a
peanut Jimmy seriously what what are you
doing here what are you doing here
what do you mean me what are you doing
what is this outfit why you dressed like
this where's dr. Phil I'm supposed to be
dr. Phil and but you said that that I
could be on the show today when we were
in therapy
listen I know Martians coming out on
Friday and I did say I would help you
promote it but I did not say no we would
be on the show said I would be on the
show I said I would try to get you on
the show tonight and we have a very very
busy night I have the whole therapy
session on tape I have it I can show it
I know what I said that's private well
let's let the audience decide of it's
private or not do you think
so when I do want to show this because I
just want to give you an idea what kind
of guy this is the doctor here and I
decided to work our issues out with
therapists yes okay yeah we did no I
thought it was I thought it was supposed
to be private there was a camera crew in
the room how private did you think it
was children tape because I want people
to see this so how are you feeling about
today I you know I I feel nerve I feel
anxious and I feel nervous but I also
feel I guess hopeful you feel open I
don't know it's stuck it's a hard thing
you know I mean it's a hard thing so you
think you're ready to let this person
back into your life I think so yeah I
think I'm willing to give it a shot and
you know to talk well let's do
please come on in
Thank You Jimmy
so what are you hoping to get out of
today how can I help you guys
he promised me over a decade ago that I
was gonna be able to be a guest on the
show it was for a decade you've been
waiting I I've taken over or Jimmy would
say he's been nice enough to give me a
room where I come and I wait every night
every night so for a decade you've been
waiting have you ever considered not
coming anymore but I'm scheduled to be
on the show tonight
you know I mean I be is scheduled it's
in the listing it's in the list things
it has to come in the listing every
night and then if you don't go there you
know then then it'd be like I'm big
timing Emerson it's in the listing if
it's in the listing you don't really
have a choice you have to go and what's
your perspective on this what do you
think I get him on the show I mean we
have a one-hour show every night okay we
have other guests which he doesn't care
about obviously I have a monologue to do
we have a ban sometimes we have
important commercials to run and it's
it's hard to it I you know listen I
understand his point of view but he has
to understand my point well what do you
think his point of view is he thinks the
world revolves around him he thinks he's
the only celebrity in California I mean
it's just being unreasonable yeah I do I
do I mean that's my see now things are
getting totally turned around and this
is what he does and it's what he does so
well he like talks to talk right and now
he makes me think I'm crazy it's all
about him that's the thing what it feels
like to be him every day well I imagine
would suck to be him
you know I mean he's and he's trying to
be a movie star and what does that mean
what look at it I can just look at his
face and look at this Bonnie it's not a
movie star face and so now I understand
that he's trying I do understand the
smiling it just it's not he he he is
verbally abusive to me and couches it as
truth you know what am I supposed to do
it when you wanted to buy that to do
what did I tell you that zoo was for
both of us that Zoo was supposed to be
something beautiful it was for both of
us he never even showed up I don't why
you think animals that much you didn't
even give it a chance you didn't you
didn't you didn't even try they never
even saw the zoo and what were you
hoping to accomplish by buying the zoo I
just wanted to build something with him
and and and share it and nurture it and
watch it grow and those animals were
just that was our chance okay
but no I live you know at the show in a
dressing room and you know I'm excited
about coming out every night and is
there something that you feel
particularly angry at with Matt I'm
angry that he's angry I'm doing my best
to get him on the show every night and
he is so sweet I mean he so spoiled he
throws a tantrum okay and I know that I
know what goes on on these Hollywood
says okay he's in his trailer he's got
the you know star on the door but that's
not how it is here I'm that this is my
show and and he thinks it's his show was
that one time I took it over and busted
the ratings wide over
don't say more about that why would you
want to say more about that that was a
difficult thing for me I was that was a
felony I know let his help against my
will what did it feel like to to be
sitting there wishing you were on the
Jimmy Kimmel show and not being able to
what what did that feel I was terrified
what's really really okay
okay you take the place talking keep
talking what else did it feel like it
felt like duct tape was suffocating me
that's what the caller okay every meet
was there except for the duct tape
happens to me every night so you wanted
him to experience what it felt was even
know what is like to not to try to be
getting on the show and suddenly he's
not on the show and he can't get to the
show the shows right there and he can't
get to it so how did you work through
that we didn't mean it didn't talk about
it now is there anything that you like
about each other can you say something
nice about each other I like some of
your friends all right to be fair I like
his show a very nice thing I wouldn't I
wouldn't know you know waited for 12
years to get on if I didn't like the
show what yeah I mean that's I
appreciate that I do so guys we're just
about out of time so we'll start
wrapping it up but I I really am very
impressed with the way you guys handled
each other and really communicated and
and so I think this has been really good
what I'd like to do now is have you guys
look at each other and make some sort of
commitment to the relationship and maybe
what you're gonna work on so Jimmy let's
start with you yeah I hope you know that
what what I where I'm coming from is
that I have been trying to get you on
the show I've been trying really hard
and I feel like you don't appreciate it
but I will try harder and in the future
if this is important to you I'll try to
get you on the show you know just not
tonight because this counseling thing
has gone on for a pretty long time
that means a lot and it just sounded you
know very genuine and and it was I
I'll commit to to another 12 years in my
room with the show you know I mean I it
is my home now and you know it would be
tough for me to just give that up I'd
love it I'd love it if like maybe I
could get a television you know just
because it it there's no windows you
know and you know you can just go that
we could probably get I bet we could get
it like an old television in there
that'd be that'd be amazing that'd be
amazing just to distract me a little bit
because my mind like just can write go
places and you may you know if I would
love like a Wi-Fi connection like that
yeah yeah that's kind of a no can do no
I know
but she's in the basement so the Wi-Fi
is not very far just doesn't work at all
down there but but I mean like listen
you guys I I'm very happy with the way
you've communicated today yeah yeah as a
sign of your commitment to each other
and the work that you've done I think
it's really important to end a a couple
session with a hug so you know I like
you guys to do that now just get up and
each other you mean my hug hug each
other oh my god
yeah yeah yeah yeah just hug just hug it
out that's right
[Applause]
[Music]
we'll be right back with the real dr.
Phil yeah Moe come on
[Applause]
hi i'm jimmy kimmel thanks for watching
if you'd like to see more click below to
subscribe to our youtube channel and if
not do nothing at all
[Music]